I found my way awesome yeah not lost
more okay equip this equip that and
we're happy sweet okay I'm gonna buy a
map from him yeah like a map thank you
little oh I didn't read what he said but
oh well I need to speak to someone
special who looks special cockatrice
eyes yeah i'm probably not saying that
right oh well it looks hungry what's it
about this little one it stares at you
with its beady little eyes but this one
it looks like it wants to tell you
something but then again maybe not
this one it looks like it wants to be
left alone I'm sorry this one it looks
like it has an itch on its back one
scratch it bond scratch the poor little
things back what's this one it doesn't
shy your prose it seems pain I think
they all seem tame this is a big one oh
look at her she's pretty him I know you
can't tell them to the people who can
you can hear them little popping beat
sound
can you hear him that's fun supposed to
talk to you
sorry I'm not reading it I don't feel
like it
south of the camp
looking for a child now named Jim what
penelo get the breakaway not likes you
larger is pretty clear no good what I'm
being good hmm is that right
so then you wouldn't mind if I say
tagged along would you huh oh don't
worry Miguel is busy with preparations
for the fade up at the palace why I'm
free for the whole day oh well let's get
going Canelo joins the party
i am going to attack you the second i
get the chance to sorry but i really
don't like penelo i might actually have
a death montage for her where I'll kill
her hey Vaughn let's get let me give you
these before we go these are all sorts
of monsters out there so you can never
be too sure but there are all sorts of
monster out there so you can never be
too careful you obtain three potions for
a jacket give them to me give them to me
Devlin to me now you obtain to Tufts of
Phoenix sounds none which i'm going to
use on you so far you've been traveling
by yourself but now that I'm here we can
travel as a party no
you can give commands to allies in your
party just like you've been doing for
the yourself up until now you make your
own decisions about what to do but you
can also give me specific commands and
all be and I'll take care of those first
got it no you can now change partly
leader to that little I'm sorry and
issue party commands oh stop talking to
me oh one more thing if you don't want
me to go fight on my own you can always
turn my gambits off oh no please tell me
this is not gonna go into a damn bit
tutorial with like Abbott's turn off I
won't do anything until you give the
word you should really think about using
gambits for yourself you know they can
make managing a battle a lot easier
gambits has been added to the battle
menu don't do it well you ready to go
yes
ah what you scared me
don't worry I have to do this alone all
my time so doesn't really matter
lawn wasn't gin supposed to be somewhere
to the south of the village if we work
our way around we should find them you
know what Fenella
I'm going to attack you
died
that's me killing penelo okay now to go
Reviver I need her but you're gonna wait
to need the Phoenix it wasn't I'm going
to a save point and it reminds them
automatically
vanilla where are you you stupid girl oh
yeah that's right nevermind i'm in a
village I can't see her whenever she
revised
that's a stupid or even reason not Raven
see she's lying now
stupid girl all right oh dear
it does not give me access to my gambit
yet I can choose to turn them on but
they're probably nothing
let's give that a hyena go get it
Pinello go get it good girl go get
attacked tank it for me and I'm not
going to attack it let you kill it
all right dang it Stan oh man come here
I have to go and take it
how do I do that whoo there we go I
forgot how to do it
ok